# processor_demo
Setup for testing microprocessor repo (https://github.com/RenanPicoli/microprocessor) and IIR system identification in Altera DE2-115 board

* A filtered audio signal is fed to the system, which performs a Full gradient IIR LMS algorithm to identify the filter used (guess its coeffients).
* reads inputs and previous outputs from a file, applies a IIR filter, then writes the new output to data_out output.
* Processor reads this output, compares it with the desired response, performs calculations and updates filter coefficients.
* Processor executes 1 instruction per cycle, its clock runs at 10 MHz.
* It will be added hardware for: inner product, address decoding, possibly multiplication of vector by scalar and vector addition.
* Since the file was generated by downsampling (2x) an audio sample recorded at 44100 Hz, the filter sampling frequency is 22050 Hz.
* In order to have real time processing, processor must process each new sample with 453 instructions, at most.
* The clock signal is provided by the onboard 50MHz oscillator, which is passes through a factor 10 prescaler, whose output is fed to a PLL to generate 22050 Hz sampling clock, after this we use another factor 10 prescaler to produce sampling frequency (22050 Hz).
* The filter has only one input (single precision current sample) and only one output (single precision current output), previous samples are stored inside the filter.
* Filter coefficients will be updated every sampling edge, as long as a WREN signal is held high on the previous sampling edge.
